I mean error rate he's gaining from this
one my four years ago he traveled right
there moved his pivot foot before he
start dribbling but usually body uses
his size here goes through the contacts
course he's up 1-0 complaining to 11 his
losers outside rubber scores goes on
defense and just as if he's playing for
court score you play dude game I think
goes to 11 so he's up 1-0 me with a
quick vote will pump fadeaway off the
glass
tough shot tied up one one maybe the
quick dribble series foot pull up off
the bounce I take the lead to them on
Maui then top of the key he ties it up
tight at to the right elbow posts up
position turning towards the right
shoulder turn over the right shoulder
little 10 foot fadeaway three to my we
meet just traveling again movies left
foot when you start dribbling again we
wasn't really calling call us here he's
he's playing to see me kind of letting
each other go with the style it's tied
up 3 3 and Link he takes the lead he's
up 1 for 3 hoping to keeping the score
right pitch off we go back and count and
correct me if I'm not me with the nice
tough fadeaway that was good the tough
shot going to my right Todd up for 4 and
his knees bigger foot again early it's
been who finishes he's up five for me
top the key off the bounce up straight
steed up quick little baby cross another
cross your legs create a space him up
off no Baba Tonya and top the key what
six five he got the lead the dribbling
let's pull up off this behind the back
and tied up 66 and top of the key
it's finished literally again
but he's floored seven six me put butter
stuck drive to the basket the Skoll fast
movement there like that
eight seven five seven up seven up I'm
in the post another spin move he's up
eight to seven his leave me walking him
into it
Boston right right the left nothing Nick
this is across smooth crossover Todd
yeah eight up getting tired now I gotta
take advantage leave a couple windshield
dribbles hesitation pull-up
I just took bleed ninety I just started
to ending like this and seems I got that
we puts my Honda back series pull up off
the right hand
ten eight nine one into the post make
our members I think I traveled on this
little stuff here lose it oh yeah travel
like crazy forehead though I called it
that's the bucket game over so that's
the old game but I had to put this out
for the man was talking about this
didn't happen he's got happens when you
gain tray all day
thanks for checking out this video make
sure you follow all my top content up
here follow me on all your favorite
social networks right over here and make
sure you are subscribed to catch all the
new content I put on on this channel
every single day work on you again